[TASK] Add a README for the version handling package (#329)
TYPO3-Documentation/render-guides: packages/typo3-version-handling/README.rst

==========================================================
Version handling for PHP based rendering of docs.typo3.org
==========================================================

This package contains a PHP enum that can be used to determine allowed TYPO3
versions for documentation interlinking. It also allows a matching between

> descriptive versions like  `stable` and absolute minor versions, for

Reviewer: Hmm, I don't like the "absolute minor versions" - I just don't understand this term (but I know what you mean).

Author: can you do a follow up?

> relative versions, for example `stable` and absolute minor versions, for

Reviewer: i had to read it three times to understand the sencence. I would avoid "relative" and "absolute", maybe better:

descriptive versions like stable

version numbers like 12.4

> relative versions, for example `stable` and absolute minor versions, for

Author: ```suggestion
descriptive versions like  `stable` and absolute minor versions, for
```

example `12.4`.

> Additionally it contains an enum with a list of supported standard inventories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, it contains an enum with a list of supported standard inventories
```

> of official manuals. These are used for interlink mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of official references, tutorials and guides. These are used for interlink mapping.
```

First, I thought, also sysexts are meant. Bu currently they aren't in it.
